Update documentation to new structure (#1073)
Legal-and-General/canopy: projects/canopy/src/lib/brand-icon/docs/guide.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import Feedback from '../../docs/common/feedback.md';

<Meta title="Foundation/Brand icon/Guide" parameters={{ viewMode: 'docs', previewTabs: { canvas: { hidden: true } } }} />

# Brand icon

> <p class="standfirst">A brand icon allow you to add supporting illustration to messages or journeys.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="standfirst">A brand icon allows you to add supporting illustration to messages or journeys.</p>
```

![example](docs/brand-icon/example.png)

> Adding a brand icon can provide extra affordance and help users to making decisions or understand the outcome of a journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a brand icon can provide extra affordance and help users in making decisions or understanding the outcome of a journey.
```
